What is it guys and welcome x.
Now in this video I'm going to be showing you about the comments and this discussion.
So let's just go ahead and let's work for the common stop.
So first of all I want to go to the post and let's quickly go ahead and add a comment on any post.
Let's suppose that this is the guy and he's posted.
And a guy just comes over to our Web site in a new tab.
OK.
He is like a new person and he is not logged into our website.
OK anyone who post so you can see Tay's leave a reply.
Ok your e-mail address will not be published required fields are marked as this.
So let's suppose that he likes it so much.
He's the hello world.
And he says ha ha ha.
This is so funny.
OK so he just added and then he want to add his name so his name is going to be John Doe.
OK.
And his e-mail will be small just like this.
I don't and this WordPress make this mistake.
OK.
So this e-mail will be ok.
I think this is I but this is looking like a fool here.
OK I'm sorry.
So now I'm going to add his e-mail and that is going to be like info at exemple dot com so you can add
any e-mail right here.
OK.
And then his Web site so he don't have any web site and this is not required field as well.
So I'm going to go in and I'm going to hit post comment and that's all.
Now here you can see it say's that comment is baiting moderation.
OK.
Let's just go ahead and let's quickly viewership of a page and let's go to a dashboard.
So here and I go here it's easy common.
OK.
And here this is also read here this is from John Doe on hell lowballed this is bending and this is
coming in the home section and states how this is so funny.
I can approve this comment.
OK.
I can just reply to this comment and I can add it or I can even spam this guy.
And I can even trash this comment so let's just go out on its.
Approve this comment and reply to it.
OK so I'm the admin and I wanted to reply.
What is so funny.
OK.
And I mean just the question look at the replies I said you can see I am the author of this post and
I have replied to him that what is so funny about this man.
Why are you just laughing.
OK.
And that guy will come here or he will get an e-mail basically.
And here we go down in here you can see is what is so funny.
So to reply so I'm just replying to that.
So this is how it is so the guy will just reply to it and he will just say I don't know.
OK.
And that I just come here and I just refresh it.
You will see that.
Now my commande is not held for moderation.
OK so this is how it works guys.
Now you can see that I have already posted a comment.
That is why my comment is not healthy for the moderation.
So now here in the comments area I can work for the all of the comments that are posted.
So here are the Jondo has posted like this.
I can even prove his comment and his comment will be held for moderation.
I can even edit his comment.
OK.
And I can even just go ahead and I can trash this comment like if I don't like his comment and I'm like
OK I didn't like his and I'm going to go and I'm going to.
Trash talk has come and is now added into the trash.
And his comment must be deleted if I just come here and I'll just go ahead and I just refresh you say
let's go down let's go down let's go down and there you go you can see that the comment has been deleted.
So this is how everything works.
You can see that WordPress is a best content management system and how everything is done with the word
Press.
OK.
So you can see how great it is.
Now you guys already know about these about these and about these how the how to edit.
How do you just spam it how to trash it and how to do work with it.
But now people learn about the settings of that so let's just go ahead and let's just go to the discussion
settings and let's just work with it.
What is it guys and welcome back.
So now in this video we'll be working out what this discussion settings.
OK.
So now you can see it's attempt to notify any blogs link to the article.
This is not much risk it necessary but what it will do is that when you will add a link of any other
blog to your post then that post will notify that other blog that you have been mentioned and that I
Tansey.
So this is like the mentioning someone on the Facebook Like when you put a status.
OK.
Like if I just want to put a status on my Facebook like I wanted but it's status and I just this and
I want to mention someone so if I want to mention this right here and I just had it and I'm just going
to go ahead and I'm going to go in and I'm going to hit post.
So when I just posted this guy or girl they'll be notified.
So this is how it works guys.
OK.
So now let's go ahead and let's just leave.
So this is how that pink bag works.
OK.
And allow link a notification from other blogs to new articles allow people to post comments on new
articles.
OK.
This is like these settings maybe overbred hidden for individual articles like allow people to post
comments on new articles.
This is very important and make sure that this is checked like if anyone wants to add a comment then
this must be checked so that the comments are turned on.
OK.
And then we have the column and other settings.
It should be like common author must fill out name and email.
This is what like the check that OK if I just go ahead and I just close this OK and then I just go ahead
and I just hit like users must be registered and logged in to comment.
And I just go ahead and I just hit save changes.
OK.
And then on just clicking here when I Guyville come here to my website.
I just opened this up in a new job which is my private window.
And then he is going to the blog page ok like this is the blog.
And he just come here.
He just opened up this post and I suppose want to add the thing.
So it takes you must be logged in to Post.com and so we have just like that that thing that I mean users
must be registered and logged in to post a comment.
So this is how it works.
OK.
So I would recommend you to uncheck this because you want the user to be registered and then to post
comment.
OK.
So then we have automatically close comments on articles older than 14 days.
I hope that this explains you what it is like if an article is older than 14 days like you can see this
was posted on January 12th.
If I just go ahead and I just edit this article to be like it was posted like so many days before I
can change that I can change it to be like publish it on and I'm going to change it to be like it was
published a year ago so I'm changing it to be like it was published on 2017.
And then I just go ahead and I open this up event you will see that I will not be able to reply to it.
I can reply to it because I am the administrator.
OK.
But
OK this is not checked as well.
Let's just close it automatically close comments on articles older than 14 days so let's just check
it and let's just go ahead and let's refresh.
I think I will also not have the access to reply.
Ok see it comments are closed.
OK.
So this is how it works guys.
Now we have the Enable Trece treaded comments like nested Goman.
So what it is like and people can just reply to it and it'll be like the mean common subs subs subs
so so it can go like more than five.
Not beyond that.
So this is overtricks.
OK.
If I just go out and I just uncheck this and I just go hit and I just save it then you will see that
it will be not like that nested treated.
And this picture is so big and this is like this is not the reply.
This is another comment.
OK.
So I would recommend you to check this because this is important.
And then we have great comment in two pages with 50 top level.
So this means like the top 50 will come on top.
And these are the settings.
So then we have e-mailed me whenever anyone post a comment.
A common is health for moderation.
So you guys already know what is a moderation like if someone adds a comment and then it will be held
for moderation that I have to approve that vendor to approve that comment or not.
That is called the moderation.
So I would recommend you to uncheck this and check this because if a comment is held to moderation you
should approve them.
And then we have before a comment Piers comment must be manually approved comment author must have a
previously approved comment.
So this is obviously checked like if a new author is tour of its site and he's posting something then
his comment must be a previously approved so that we know so that this blog know that that guy is authentic
and he posts the comments.
Revelent to this stuff that is above the post.
OK so this is like that.
OK and then we have the next thing and that is comment moderation hold the common Q If it contains two
or more links so it can be like if that guy is promoting other content like if that has one single link
and he's promoting other content and we want to hold that common for our kids that we should manually
approve that what that common good Daines any of these words name you Ardell or IP address.
It will be held in the moderation queue.
So it can be like one award or IP address per line.
So if anyone is abusing something like he just said hell or like sacque or something like that so if
someone is using abusive vord then we will just make it into the moderation or we can just directly
blacklist them when that comment contains any of these words.
OK.
It will be automatically put in the trash so if you just added to it like porn or like pornography or
something like that so it is just like it will match the inside word so press will match WordPress so
often like pornography will also be banned by this porn.
So this is how it works.
OK.
And then we have the show avatars.
This is important.
So you can show the Avatar if you want to.
And then let's go ahead and let's save changes so now we're totally done with the discussion.
OK.
If there are still confusions then do not worry guys I'm telling you once again to not very.
Because we will be waking up in the professional blogs you will understand it much better.
OK.
So this is just for the overview purposes like how to build a basic website and how to build an amazing
website and stuff like that.
And I can see that we are totally done with these settings and everything.
And on the next video I'll show you why that.
What are the customization how to do that and how to work with it.
And then we are going to be working up with that team that what are the teams and work to do with that
and never going to be working up in the plugin.
So Stadion guys and Buh-Bye.